The Lazy Maiden: A modest gnomish inn, decorated with monstrous skulls. Despite the skulls it is homey and smells of nutmeg and maple. Types of skulls there: Giant Owl, Pteranodon, Nothic, Hunter Shark, Carrion Crawler, Ankheg, Berserker, a celestial being. 

Ralphye: Male Gnome Fighter, Evil. Ralphye has auburn hair and amber eyes, and an unusual scar on his face. He wears splint mail and wields a fauchard-fork. Ralphye believes that he is being hunted by supernatural creatures. very weirded out by sinesah. Was very intimidated by Gavinrad and was spooked by Sinisha becuase of his thurmaturgy where he made himself bigger to intimidate him when sinisha asked for a drink. 

Aermoth: Male Human Necromancer, Evil. Aermoth has short copper hair and blue eyes, and a thin nose. He wears modest garments and wields a club. Aermoth is abusive and barbaric. asked to bring bread, ale and cheese.
Disanz: Male Dwarf Soldier, Neutral. Disanz is tall and stout, with gray hair and green eyes. He wears leather armor and wields a short sword. Disanz has an animal companion, a sable ferret named Threri.




Iral: Male Dwarf Ranger, Good. Iral has black hair and bright blue eyes, and an unusual scar on his neck. He wears studded leather and wields a spear and light crossbow. Iral is cursed with wild tremors, and is hunting the fell creature who cursed him.


Wenthru: Female Human Fighter, Evil. Wenthru is slender, with cropped silver hair and bright amber eyes. She wears banded mail and wields a mace and shield.
Wine: Male Human Ranger, Good. Wine is tall and willowy, with matted golden hair and brown eyes. He wears studded leather and wields a spear and heavy crossbow. Wine is valiant and intuitive.
Zaghat: Male Dwarf Merchant, Evil. Zaghat is rough in appearance, with golden hair and light amber eyes. He wears modest garments and carries a long knife. Zaghat seeks to atone for past sins.
Aeswild: Female Human Fighter, Good. Aeswild is exceptionally beautiful, with brown hair and light gray eyes. She wears banded mail and wields a two-handed sword. Aeswild is a pack-rat, and carries a satchel of random junk.
Anet: Female Human Fighter, Good. Anet is exceptionally beautiful, with thin copper hair and light amber eyes. She wears banded mail and wields a bastard sword and dagger. Anet seeks to save her family from financial ruin.
