Resby's Pewter: 
The workshop of a female human pewtersmith named Mera Resby. The shop is dimly lit except for the pale green lights that illuminate the insides of glass cases that hold all types of pewter plates, vases, silverware, jewelry, and trinkets. It smells faintly of copper. Tane is behind the counter, a fine tool in his hand as he bends pewter around a crystal. Everyone else is in the shop which is through a door behind the counter. Anderer is helping Wynna clean up her shop. Gnalli is working on a special order dragon statue. Mera is in her office weighing gold. Wynna was going outside to smoke her pipe when she saw the players. 

Mera Resby: Female Human Merchant, Neutral. Mera is fair in appearance, with auburn hair and gray eyes. She wears modest garments and a red cloak. She is possessed by the ghost of a silver dragon. 

Wynna: Female Human that works as the Alchemist that creates all of the metals for the pewter store. Her intentions are always good and acts as the mother of the Protector's district. She is more like a Russin Babushka as she can often be found sweeping the streets and watching after those that fare there. She is sceptical of the products that are sold at the market and can be relied on to know what products are good and what merchants should be ran out of town. Wynna is short and stout, with blonde hair and green eyes. She wears humble clothing with ash all over them. 

Tane Resby: Male Human Aristocrat, Neutral. Tane is fey in appearance, with gray hair and gray eyes. He wears fine raiment and jewelry. Tane is lewd and clever. He is the son of Mera and will inherit the shop. He would rather work on his beautiful jewelry and is not pleased that one day he will have to stop his work and take over the shop. He is rather envious of Wynna. He repairs any items that come in for repair.

Andrer: Male Human Fighter, Evil. Andrer has blonde hair and blue eyes, and a thin nose. He wears chain mail and wields a mace and shield. Andrer is hunting those who betrayed him. Anderer is Wynna's apprentice. He helps Wynna when he can and takes on most of the work to create the jewelry in the shop.

Gnalli: Male Dwarf Druid, Neutral. Gnalli is fey in appearance, with silver hair and green eyes. He wears leather armor and wields a scimitar and darts. Gnalli has a green snake named Agneid. He is the person who takes on special orders.
