Reda's Masonry: 

The workshop of a female human stonemason named Arran. It was named after the great grandmother of Arran who has long passed. It used to be that there were two parts to the business: the store front (or "the Front") and the factory (or "the Back") located where the former Archanist's Quarter once was on the other side of the High road. Since the opening of the Crag the factory had to be abandoned and all production of brick has had to move to the store front, extremely limiting production of brick. Many shops in the area resent Reda's Masonry for the dirt and noise that the new factory makes, but given the circumstances and the promise of Arran that the factory will be moved in the near future once they can find a new place for it, they are willing to put up with the factory moval for now. 

Arran: Female Human Peasant, Good. Arran is courtly in bearing, with short brown hair and amber eyes. She wears modest garments and carries a long knife. Arran has a red fox named Gideon.
    She seems to know every dungeon within twenty leagues of town. She used to be an adventurer. 

Wulfa: Male Human Fighter, Good. Wulfa has cropped copper hair and blue eyes. He wears chain mail and wields a military pick. Wulfa has an animal companion, a copper firedrake named Ellet.
Cuili: Male Elf Fighter, Neutral. Cuili has messy black hair and bright brown eyes, and a flat nose. He wears banded mail and wields a mace and shield. Cuili is a skilled actor.
Bifar: Male Dwarf Fighter, Evil. Bifar is wretched in appearance, with white hair and green eyes. He wears splint mail and wields a military pick.
Exard Norre: Male Human Professional, Neutral. Exard has auburn hair and brown eyes, and an uneven moustache. He wears tailored clothing and a mink fur cape. Exard is practical and impartial.
Finy: Male Human Necromancer, Evil. Finy is short, with copper hair and amber eyes. He wears well-made clothing and wields a long sword and dagger. Finy has an arcane familiar, a giant spider named Witha.
Dine: Male Elf Mercenary, Good. Dine has a narrow face, with golden hair and hazel eyes. He wears chain mail and wields a warhammer and heavy crossbow. Dine is virtuous and capable.
Nebehrt: Male Human Scofflaw, Neutral. Nebehrt is rugged in appearance, with white hair and large gray eyes. He wears sturdy clothing and carries a yew staff. Nebehrt is proud and mercenary.
